Sit, Sir Bert, shining
Sit, Sir Bert,
shining knight
of the Evergreen Forest!
These woods aren't big
enough for the both of us.
Uaaaah!
This is the moment
Sneers have waited
lifetimes for!
Nothing can stop
Sir Cyril Sneer!
This is the
This is
the Evergreen Forest.
Quiet, peaceful, serene.
That is, until
Bert Raccoon wakes up.
Bert Raccoon: Yahoooo!
Yeeeehaaaa!
Yikes!
Yaaaah...
Yeaaaah!
Luckily, he has some
good friends to help him out.
Life would be simple
in the forest except for...
Cyril Sneer!
And his life would be simple
except for...
the Raccoons!!
♪ (show theme music) ♪
On a perfect
summer morning,
Cedric and Sophia
peddled their way
through the Evergreen Forest.
Enjoying the beauty of the day.
Hmm, what a
day for a ride, Cedric!
It sure is, Sophia!
Hey, why don't we go
call on Ralph and Melissa?
Great idea!
I'll race you to
the raccoon-dominium.
Okay!
I have the
most wonderful news.
The Royal family is
coming to our forest.
(chuckles) You're
too fast for me, Sophia.
Ssshh!
The Royal family?!
How soon do they arrive?
Tomorrow at dusk,
but it must be kept a secret.
A secret?! Why?
They're coming to
bestow a special honor
on one of our own.
It's to be a surprise.
Royalty coming
to the Evergreen Forest!
How absolutely thrilling!
Oh, I can't wait to tell...
You can't
tell anyone, Sophia.
You heard what Melissa said.
It's a secret!
Oh, this is so exciting!
Come on, Cedric. We've got
to get ready for this.
We don't have a lot of time.
I've got to get
my best dress out,
and I must get my hair done.
They're going to be here soon!
Hey, wait for me!
Look Ralph,
there's Cedric and Sophia.
They could have overheard us.
We've got to
be more careful.
Yeah, we're
keeping a secret
that just can't get out!
We've gotta get to
We've gotta get
to Pop's library, Sophia.
What for?!
Research! What
do we know about royalty?
Well, I do
know we have to curtsy
and I know we have to...
Watch out for...
Hey!!
I'm Okay.
Hey! Where were you two
off to in such a hurry?
We are going to
prepare for the arrival
of the King and Queen!
They're coming to
the Evergreen Forest!
But we can't tell you that
because it's a secret.
Oops!
The King and Queen?!
Coming to the Evergreen Forest?!
Uugh?!
Oh, yes!
We overheard Ralph and
Melissa talking about it,
but you can't tell anyone!
My lips
are royally sealed.
We hate to
rush off, Bert,
but we've got a lot to do.
See you later!
Bye-bye!
Bye.
Wow!
The King and Queen
coming to our forest!
I bet they'll bring
the whole Royal Court,
full of Dukes and Duchesses,
and a whole bunch of knights.
And... knights!!
I've always dreamed
of being a knight.
This is my big chance
to get knighted.
Think of it!
I dub thee
Sir Bert Raccoon
knight and protector
of the Evergreen Forest.
Woof-woof!
Everything we need
to know about royalty,
should be right here, Sophia.
Look, the complete
works of William Shakesneer!
And the Sneer Dynasty?
The Sneer Coat of Arms.
Emily Aardvark's etiquette book?
Pop's always
been keen on Royalty,
on account of there being
blue blood in the family.
Cedric,
you have a royal ancestor?!
Uh-huh! Pop's
great-great-great uncle
Excalibur Sneer.
Here's the sword, he was
knighted with.
(gasps) Oooh!
Unfortunately,
Excalibur Sneer
fell into disfavor,
and the title was
taken away from him,
on account of his evil ways.
Oh, goodness!
What did he do?
He was caught
stealing the crown jewels.
(gasps) Really?
But Pop's
convinced that someday
the Royal Family will realize
it's made a big mistake,
and restore the title
to the name of Sneer.
What's going on here?
Uhm, would you believe
a haircut?
Not too much off
the sides now, Sophia!
Why aren't you
working in the vault?
The stock exchange is booming.
This is no time to goof off.
What have we got here?
The Sneer Dynasty?!
The Sneer Dynasty?
What do you want with this?
Well, Pop.. it's um...
It's the Royal Family, Pop!
They're coming to
the Evergreen Forest.
Cedric, that's
a secret, remember?!?
Ohh...
What?! Royalty??
Here?
Are they running
out of places to go?
Gosh, Pop, I don't know
But if they're coming,
it must be something important.
Important?!
Hmmm...
Here?...Of course!
Um,
what's that, Pop?
Nothing!
You two run along now?
You must have a million things
to do before they arrive.
Why, Sophia? Won't you have to
get out your
best dress or something?
Hah! Get a move on now!
I've got work to do.
This is an historic moment.
This is the moment, Sneers
have waited lifetimes for!
The Pigs: What's that, Sir?!
The restoration
of the Sneer title!
Taken years ago from
my great-great uncle,
Excalibur Sneer.
Imagine disgracing our
family the way he did!
Getting caught!
The Pigs: Oh no, Sir!
I want you
to get out there,
and find out all you can
about this Royal visit!
The Pigs: Yes, Sir!
And don't get caught!
The Pigs: No, Sir.
So now the Crown
has seen the light.
Our good name is being restored.
Sir Cyril Sneer!
With titles come riches,
with riches comes power!
The absolute power
is Lord and Master
of the Evergreen Forest!
And everyone will bow
and scrape before me.
Nothing can stop me now!
Sir Cyril Sneer!
Ha-haaa, Ha-haaaa!
As the word of a
As the word of
a big event spread quickly
through the Evergreen Forest,
everyone prepared themself,
including Bert Raccoon.
Being of sharp mind
and awesome body,
I gratuitously accept
with munificence and humidity,
the honor of your knighthood.
Oh!
Uh-ah-uh... hi, guys.
Sophia/Cedric:
I was just getting
ready for my ceremony.
What ceremony?
For my knighting!
Bert, you
expect to be knighted?
Oh, yeah, of course!
With the Royal
Family coming here,
this is my big chance!
Can you think of anyone
in the whole forest,
who would make a braver
and bolder knight than me?
Think of it!
Sir Bert Raccoon,
ace knight...
But Bert, you don't
look anything like a knight.
Oh well, what's
a knight look like?
Like this!!
Heeeeyyy!
That's what I need.
That suit!
But it's not the suit
that makes the knight, Bert!
What do you mean?!
You have to go
through a rite of passage
before you can become a knight.
You know, you have
to prove you're brave.
Brave?! Why, you know
there's no braver person
in the forest than me!
Uhm, let's see.
Rights of passage,
the test of a true knight.
One, obtain a shield
and a sword.
Two, tame a foul beast
and pluck a hair from its mane.
Three, ford a river,
climb the highest mountain,
and obtain the most precious
object in the Kingdom.
Wow! Becoming a knight
is a lot more work
than I expected.
But if anybody
can do it, it's me!
Shhh, it's
Ralph and Melissa.
Remember, we can't let on
that we know the secret.
Hey! What are
you guys doing here?
We're waiting for...
...a bus!!
(giggles) A bus?!
No bus has ever
passed here.
You know, I thought
we'd been waiting
an awfully long time.
What are you two doing?
We're checking out
the Forest Bowl, Sophia,
to see if it's right for
a very special presentation.
What sort of special
presentation would that be?
Well, come to the Forest
Bowl at six o'clock tonight,
and you'll find out.
We're sure you'll
be pleasantly surprised.
Be sure
to pass the word.
Oh, we will!
Don't you worry.
Bye now.
Bye!
This is
perfect, Ralph.
The Royal dresses and
crowns will look great
in this setting tonight.
I just hope I get
the King's entrance right.
Pig 1: Uuuh, did you hear that?
Pig 2: Crowns, Royal dresses,
Kings...
...tonight. Oh!
Ay! Uuuh!
We'd better go
and tell the boss.
This is what he's been
waiting for.
Let's go!
Can't you
Bears speed it up?
If you were any slower,
you'd be unionized!
I want this mansion
to make the Taj Mahal
look like a tool shed!!
Because from now on,
this place is going to be
the home of Royalty.
You bumblers!
I want to impress
the King and Queen,
not scare them away!
Pig 3: Sir Sir,
the Royal Family,
they're coming here tonight!
What?! So soon??
The Pig 2: And
that's not all, Sir!
Bert Raccoon, he intends
to be... knighted!
What?!?
Pig 1: He's going through the
rites of passage now, Sir.
To take your honor away...
We'll see about that!!
Hmm...
So that meddlesome
raccoon is off
robbing me of what's
rightfully mine, is he?
This calls for action!!
Pig 1: But Sir, what about
the rites of passage?
Ha! Oh, I'll do them!
My way!
♪ (upbeat music) ♪
♪ Well, everything's
in front of you ♪
♪ And everything is new ♪
♪ I'm just tryin'
to understand ♪
♪ And help to get you through ♪
♪ It's time that you
believed in life ♪
♪ Like it believes in you ♪
♪ I'm talkin' 'bout believin' ♪
♪ And believe this,
'cause it's true ♪
♪ I feel we're missing it ♪
♪ There are so many signs ♪
♪ Why are we missing it? ♪
♪ There are so many times ♪
♪ When it's so hard to find ♪
♪ Can't keep on missing it. ♪
♪ Uuuuh-uh-uuuh ♪
♪ Yeeeee-yeeeh ♪
♪ Sometimes you can't see it ♪
♪ Though it's right
in front of you ♪
I feel like Vidal raccoon!
♪ But this time,
if you walk away ♪
♪ There'll be no turning back ♪
♪ It'll slip right through
your fingers ♪
♪ And fall right
through the cracks ♪
♪ Why are we missing it? ♪
There is only one
rite left to go, Sir.
Pig 2: The most precious
object in the forest.
And then I'll step in,
and the knighthood will be mine.
Now, only the mountain
stands between me
and the most precious
thing in the forest.
There's not much time left.
I'd better hurry!
♪ (upbeat music) ♪
Now, I know it's here somewhere.
That's it!! I've got it all.
My sword and shield,
the lock of hair...
And...
...the most precious
object in the forest.
Now, I'll be...
Sir Bert,
defender of the people,
champion of the week,
and employee of the month!
The shining knight
of the Evergreen forest!
Make that
blazing idiot, bandit face!
Cyril Sneer?!
Heyyy! Give me my stuff back!
Forget it!
We both know the royal rule.
Only one knight per forest.
These woods aren't big enough
for the both of us.
One of us has got to go,
and it isn't going to be me!
Take 'er all!
Heeeeyyyy!
Uaaaah!
Heeeyyyy!
You can't do this!!
It's ungentlemanly!
It's poor sportsmanship!
It isn't what being
a knight is all about.
It is in
my kingdom, sucker!!
Get a move on, boys!
Or the only crowned heads
around here will be yours!
Time is running out and the
King and Queen await me.
Uh, Cedric,
this is so exciting!
I can hardly wait.
The King and
Queen should be here
any second now, Sophia.
Pig 1: The place
is packed, Sir!
Pig 2: I've never
seen so many people!
Of course
the place is packed!
this will be a
very special night.
♪ (royal trumpet sounding) ♪
This is it! Ha!
My big moment!
The restoration
of the Sneer title!
♪ (royal trumpet sounding) ♪
Uhm-ehm...
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I have your
attention please?
It is my distinguished privilege
to present to you this evening
what we have all been
so patiently waiting for,
the highlight of
the social season.
Please now extend a warm
Evergreen Forest welcome to...
The Queen of Hearts.
What?!
The Queen of Hearts?!
You mean, that this
is all a play?!
Starring Melissa Raccoon
And Ralph Raccoon!
Where's the real
King and Queen?!
Those under handed raccoons,
they've set me up!
I knew it from the start!
This was all a plot!
A dirty trick!
Ah, that's your queue,
My what?!
Hey, stop pushing!
Don't you realize who I am?
Oh...
Aaaah!
What's going on here?
I don't know, Ralph.
But make like it's
part of the play.
The show must go on.
I have the most wonderful news.
The Royal Family is
coming to our forest.
The Royal Family?!
Coming to our forest?!
How soon do they arrive?
Cyril Uh, uhm... I don't know.
They, they should be
here in a few minutes,
unless they they stopped for
some last minute shopping.
What?!
Ugh, last minute shopping?!
They're
coming to bestow
a special honor
on one of our own.
It's to be a surprise!
You're telling me.
Uh-oh-uh...
what brings you,
Fahrenheit, to our forest?
I was just
in the neighborhood.
I.. I, um.. I just
thought I'd drop by.
What's going on, guys?
It's all been a big
misunderstanding, Bert.
The King and Queen
aren't really coming.
Ralph and Melissa are
just putting on a play.
A play?!?
You mean that this
was all a play?!
Phew!
This could have been embarrassing.
(chuckles) It is!
Look at Pop.
Gentle, Sir.
Have you brought a gift
for this great occasion?
What?! Um...
Yes, I've brought
with me the most
precious object in the Kingdom.
♪ (druuumrooollllll) ♪
What the heck is it anyway?
Peanut butter?!
This is a precious object!?
What in the blue blood is this?
Bert/Cedric:
What a... what a waste
of my vintage peanut butter.
But it's worth it!
That evening,
Ralph and Melissa
presented their play to an
appreciative audience.
And Cedric and Sophia enjoyed
themselves just as much
as if the King and Queen had
actually been there.
And As for Bert and Cyril,
they discovered
when you mix a rumor
with a little too much imagination,
the plot can have
an unexpected ending.
Well, where is it?
Here it is, Sir.
What's it say? Read it!
Pig 1: Cyril Sneer,
making his stage debut
was nothing short of memorable.
Pig 2: That's great, Sir.
Pig 1: You're a star, Sir.
As well, his performance
was one of the most
consistent this
reporters ever seen.
The Pig 2: A rave, Sir,
it's a rave!
Great! Great, great!
Pig 1: Wait, there's more.
Mr. Sneer's utterly
ridiculous debut...
uh, will be remembered forever
for the consistent flow of tears
it brought to laughing
patrons' eyes.
Quote-end-quote.
By uh...
Bert Raccoon.
Must be a frustrated actor.
What?! Ridiculous debut?!
I'll show him as soon as I
get out of this silly suit!
You, get me a can opener!
♪ (show theme music) ♪
♪ Oooooo ♪
♪ You can run with us ♪
♪ We've got
everything you need ♪
♪ Run with us ♪
♪ We are free ♪
♪ Come with us ♪
♪ I see passion in your eyes ♪
♪ Run with us ♪
♪ Oh-oh-ooh, run with us ♪
♪ We've got everything
you need ♪
♪ Run with us ♪